Updated instructions for Screen Flow and Skuid (#92)
skuid/skuid-labs: experiments/pages/lightningScreenFlowInSkuid/README.md

# Integrate Lightning Screen Flows with Skuid 

> ## Description:

Reviewer: Don't need colons on headers

```suggestion
## Description
```

6. Add a generic JS snippet to your Skuid page

## Note:
It's important to note that in this example the Lightning component is listening for an object to be passed in, (rather than a string), which is why we are using JS to publish an event rather than the declarative "Publish Event" action.  

## Detailed Directions:
This step-by-step guide will help you configure everything you need to call a Lightning Screen Flow from your Skuid page:

**Note:**
The **showScreenFlowModal** component picks up the event published by Skuid for that modal based on the event params in the **callFlow.js** snippet.  

1. Open the Salesforce Developer Console

   - Click File/New/Lightning Component
   - Name the component “showScreenFlowModal”
   - Paste the code from the “[showScreenFlowModal](showScreenFlowModal)” file
   - Paste the code from the "[showScreenFlowModal_controller](showScreenFlowModal_controller)" file into the “Controller” portion

2. Open Lightning App Builder

   - Search for “showScreenFlowModal” and drag the custom component onto your lightning page (doesn’t matter location) where you are going to have your Skuid page that launches the Flow
   

> 3. Open Skuid App Composer
>    - Create a new UI-only model named “FlowParams”
>      - Add three UI-only text fields
>        - name
>        - type
>        - value
>         
>    - Create a new model named “Flow” on the FlowInterview object and adjust the model to only return 1 record (default is 20)
>      - Add the “Name” field
>      - Add a model condition FlowInterview records where “Name” is Single specified value (leave the value blank). Filterable default on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create models for calling screen flows within the Skuid page

1. Open the Composer.
1. Create a new UI-only model named ``FlowParams`` with the following text fields:
     - name
     - type
     - value
        
1. Create a new model named ``Flow`` with the following properties:
   - **Salesforce object name**: FlowInterview
   - **Max # of records (limit)**: 1
1. Add the **Name** field to the model
1. Add a model condition with the following properties:
   - **Field**: Name
   - **Operator**: = (is)
   - **Content**: Single specified value
   - **Value**:  *Leave blank*
   - **State**:  Filterable default on.
```

>    - Create a new JS snippet (Generic JS snippet) named “callFlow” and paste the code from the [callFlow](callFlow) file
> 
> 4. Create a new Reusable Action Sequence named “CallFlow”
> 
>    - Add a “Run JavaScript snippet” action and run the snippet “callFlow”
>    - Add two inputs
>      - Name: flowName Type: Value
>      - Name: model Type: Model
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add JavaScript and Action Framework logic for calling screen flows
1. Create a new JavaScript resource with the following properties:
   - **Resource type**: Generic JS snippet
   - **Snippet name**: callFlow
   - **Snippet body**: *Paste the code from the* [callFlow](callFlow) *file*

Now to create the action sequence that'll use this snippet:

1. Create a new reusable action sequence named “CallFlow”
1. Add a **Run JavaScript snippet** action and  that runs the **callFlow** snippet
1. Click **Inputs**.
1. Add two inputs:
   - First input:
     - Name: flowName 
     - Type: Value
   - Second input:
     - Name: model 
     - Type: Model
```
